I…
detest you.
Hagoromo…
Hamura…
You…
are mine.
My role has come to an end.
You shall return with me to the almighty god that is Mother.
You two aren't…
You two alone aren't the entirety of shinobi history!
Besides…
moms are supposed to be happy about their kids leaving the nest!
That's what being a mom means!
Your teenage rebellion continues.
Mother is the very progenitor of chakra.
You brats can't hope to accomplish anything.
Naruto, we need to make an opening, so we can launch the Sealing Jutsu.
Yeah!
And the only thing that will work… is that jutsu!
The No. 1 Most Unpredictable Ninja
"That" jutsu?
Yeah…
Sasuke, hear me out.
I don't know what you're scheming, but Mother absorbs all jutsu.
Your actions are meaningless.
How is it going?
Looks like they're just staring each other down.
I see…
The power to forcefully drag us all into this dimension,
that isn't genjutsu…
This is on a totally different scale.
She's like…
…a god.
How do you plan on fighting someone like that, Naruto?
This could be the end…
But we gotta give it our best shot.
Just like we've been doing all along, right?
Are you serious?
We won't know unless we try.
I've been secretly practicing this jutsu
even more than the Rasengan, ya know?!
It's worth giving it a shot, right?
If there's a chance it'll create an opening…
Fine. I'll get my left eye ready.
Let's do it!
Yeah!
Amaterasu!
They're making a move!
Take this!
Sexy Jutsu:
- Reverse Harem Jutsu! - Reverse Harem Jutsu!
Sexy-type jutsu tend to work better on stronger opponents, ya know!
That idiot! Using a jutsu like that in this situation?!
That might work on me, but there's no way that jutsu
will work on someone so god-like!
It worked?!
You may be the progenitor of chakra or whatever…
But I'll bet you've never seen a jutsu like this!
This is the history of shinobi, ya fool!
The number one most unpredictable…
Don't tell me that Naruto's Pervy Ninjutsu
is going to save the world!
I believe that Naruto is the Child of Prophecy
who will save the world.
Perhaps he's a throwback to another age in the Leaf's Shinobi Way.
He's more like me than Minato, and he can be very endearing.
Master Jiraiya, are you watching?!
Now, Naruto!
Right!
It's cold! What's going on?!
Ice?
It changed!
This place… Did we shift dimensions again?
Whose jutsu effects are we seeing, Naruto?
Huh?!
Uh, this is probably…
It feels the same as the time we were taken
to that previous lava world.
There's no mistake that this is our enemy's ability.
To be able to rewrite the world in an instant and make it reality…
This really is just like genjutsu.
An ice world this time?!
On what principle?
She vanished!
This ability… Can she move across dimensions?
Why that—!
Amaterasu!
Flame Control!
Thanks, Sasuke!
Sorry the Sexy Jutsu didn't work.
I never really expected that kind of jutsu would work.
This time, we're going with my strategy…
Help me out.
Mother… These two are quite annoying.
Why don't you split them up already…
and take them on separately?
Where am I?
Sasuke!
Damn it!
Now you won't be able to seal Mother away.
First, I'll suck out all of your chakra!
You have nice reflexes.
First, I have to find Sasuke!
This child is fast.
So I guess I won't be able to tell where she's gonna strike from…
What is that?
Is it possible that…
we're the only ones who were brought to this world?
No. The real me is here too.
But I can't sense Sasuke.
Where am I?
Obito!
Is that you, Kakashi?
I thought I died…
I healed you.
Naruto!
But…
Yeah…
I know.
What happened to Madara?
Did you take him down?
No, things ended up a little differently.
I'll explain it simply.
Might as well tell you guys about The Sage of the Six Paths
and Kaguya too, and that seal!
I don't know what happened,
but I assume you didn't defeat the enemy yet?
Take me to where the fight is.
You can tell me on the way.
I can't sense Sasuke… And my real body feels tingly.
It might be real dangerous over there!
I don't know if we'll be helpful or in the way.
But I don't want to fail because
we weren't there when we were needed.
Besides, if we don't bring down this Kaguya,
our world is done for.
The few of us who are left have to do whatever we can…
We had our minds made up from the very start, right?
That we're all ready to die.
Nothing seems to work…
It's hard to believe.
So both your powers and Sasuke's are necessary
in order to seal away this Kaguya?
Yeah!
But like I said earlier, I can't sense Sasuke at all!
The ice…is moving.
Over there!
She's merged with Nature!
Naruto!
She's finally showing herself.
What's happening?
That's a form of Time-Space.
Damn it! It's no good!
Okay… I've made it look like I'm restrained…
I'll just wait until she gets closer!
You said you suddenly stopped sensing Sasuke?
Yeah.
I suspect he was taken to another dimension.
She emerged from a different Time-Space.
It's similar to my own Visual Prowess.
Can you enter it?
If I resonate my Kamui
the next time she connects and opens a portal to another Time-Space,
I'm positive I can enter it.
If Sasuke is there, I can bring him back to this dimension.
All right!
Then I'll go and support the real me.
However…
I'll need an enormous amount of chakra to do it…
since it's not my own Time-Space.
If my chakra runs out while I'm there, I'm done.
Then I'll go with you.
The real me won't go down that quickly.
Because I'm strong.
Your Clone Chakra isn't enough.
Would it still be inadequate with my 100 Healings Chakra?
That would give me the bare minimum.
Both of you, come with me.
All right!
We don't even know if Sasuke is in that Time-Space.
But we'll start by getting into close range with her.
I promise to find Sasuke, and deliver him to the real you.
Obito.
Thanks for rescuing me…
And Sasuke too.
Don't thank someone like me.
Just keep an eye on the enemy.
So no more masks, huh?
I'm…Kakashi's friend, your father's subordinate,
I'm an Uchiha just like Sasuke…
and…
The Hokage is someone who endures pain
and takes the lead in front of everyone…
There is no shortcut to becoming the Hokage!
There are no ways out for the one who becomes the Hokage!
The way he forges ahead draws others towards him.
He makes you want to reach out when he's about to stumble.
I…
I am your senior who dreamt the same dream as you.
I'm not going to waste time on a speech,
because I'm almost out of time.
But…I just ask that you let me walk in front of you…
and die for you.
I'm sorry I'm late.
Have you learned anything yet?
There's no one here.
Just the lower half of Madara's body.
Does finding Madara's lower half mean
that we should consider him dead?
I have a bad feeling about this…
Either way, it seems he completed his Infinite Tsukuyomi.
And apparently, it doesn't affect us dead…
How did things go on your end, Fourth Hokage?
I cut part of the tree
to try to free the people entrapped in the jutsu,
but they didn't awaken.
Instead, another branch immediately wrapped itself around them.
So it was the same for you.
In order to verify Madara's status, and find out what happened,
we should use his lower half to revive him with the Reanimation Jutsu.
Then we'll make him talk.
To do that, we'd need a living sacrifice!
How can you be so naïve at this point?
There has to be another way!
You truly are a kind soul,
previous reincarnate of Ashura.
Wh-Who are you?
My name is Hagoromo.
As the founder of Ninshu, the Ninja Creed…
I am also known as The Sage of the Six Paths.
You're The Sage of the Six Paths?
In order to save Naruto and Sasuke,
who are battling my mother Kaguya right now…
you must know everything that has occurred.
Before I talk about Ashura and Indra,
I must first explain the origin of Ninshu, the Ninja Creed.
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "Ninja Creed"
It was some thousands of years ago… NINJA CREED
Tune in again!